= Authlogic Plugin for Atlassian Crowd

<h1>This plugin is under development</h1>
Use at your own risk.  Pull requests welcome.

Authlogic Crowd Rest is an extension of the Authlogic library to add support for validation against Atlassian Crowd REST apis.


== Helpful links

*	<b>Documentation:</b> http://github.com/robdimarco/authlogic_crowd_rest
*	<b>Authlogic:</b> http://github.com/binarylogic/authlogic
*       <b>Atlassian Crowd:</b> http://www.atlassian.com/software/crowd/
*       <b>Atlassian Crowd REST API:</b> http://confluence.atlassian.com/display/CROWDDEV/Crowd+REST+APIs

== Install and use

=== 1. Add the Authlogic Crowd REST plugin to your Gemfile
  gem "authlogic_crowd_rest"

=== 2. You will need to configure crowd for use with the following three configuration pieces to User like so:

class UserSession < Authlogic::Session::Base
  crowd_base_url "http://localhost:8095/crowd/console" # URL to crowd
  crowd_application_name "myapp"      # Name of the application in Crowd
  crowd_application_password "bogus"  # Password assigned to the application in Crowd
end

== Contributing to authlogic_crowd_rest
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Rob Di Marco. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

